hey yeah what's up guys it's me I'm at
or a killer and I'm bringing you a live
commentary and please in the beginning
if you guys can please give this video a
thumbs up it would mean a lot to me it
would really support my channel but this
is for you guys that could not get the
season pass for FIFA 14 and yes is the
demo but I'm gonna teach you guys how to
get it because I recently found out as
well and I'm gonna download it while I'm
doing this with you guys but at the same
time it just says I checked on Twitter
on the EA SPORTS FIFA and it and they
said that just type in EA Sports EA
Sports
I think season pass but thing is I'm
gonna show you guys when you type it in
it doesn't show anything but then I
figured out something because I saw it
from someone someone's picture and I was
like oh wait that's what that meant I
clicked on before and I was like wait I
don't know if that's just a video or if
that's just anything else already guys
I'm gonna do this I'm gonna go here they
say to do this they're totally 100%
wrong EA space sports come on yes
Sport sport space now look when you
press space there's no season pass you
can't put anything so what I did was so
they're wrong so what you do is you go
on EA SPORTS FIFA 14 game and when you
do it you see you see this you uh you do
not want to pay the $59.99 you go down
until you hit demos you press X then
afterwards when you go to demo
you go you go to the right and you go to
digital download preview at first I
thought wait this is the video but then
afterwards when you press download you
see you're actually downloading it and
it's seven gigabytes meaning it's the
complete game
usually you would have to pay for the
season pass to be 100% honest I have no
idea if I paid for it but um if I don't
I guess it's free or maybe when I go
when I click on the like after it's done
downloading after I click on it might
say to pay 25 bucks but you know what
guys that's a little quick little quick
help for you guys because I know I saw
on Twitter some people did not know how
to get it but if you click on the
Digital Download preview that is how you
get it but all right guys please give
this like a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys soon
peace